defmt-test/README.md: extend intro (#414)
knurling-rs/defmt: firmware/defmt-test/README.md

# `defmt-test`

`defmt-test` is a test harness for embedded devices that lets you write and run unit tests *on your device* as if you were using the built-in `#[test]` attribute.

> It is compatible with [Rust-Analyzer]'s `▶Run` button, which means you can flash and run your tests straight from VSCode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is compatible with [Rust-Analyzer]'s `▶ Run Test` button, which means you can flash and run your tests straight from VS Code:
```

![demo: clicking the run button above a defmt_test::tests module leads to flashing & test run ](./demo.gif)

For a full list of defmt-test's capabilities, please refer to the documentation below.

> [Rust-Analyzer]: https://rust-analyzer.github.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rust-analyzer]: https://rust-analyzer.github.io
```
